dwShell Prints

I printed the entire shell, hinges, etc in Bambu Lab PETG, any PETG would probably work though. I printed the hinge pin with PLA+ because PETG would warp without supports.

Standard Pico, screws in with any M2 Screws (4m length but shorter would work). Must be LOW PROFILE Switches. I used Cosmox Wind Engines and a couple KS33 Silvers.

The USB-C connector is a Model UD, this is the first thing I'd change. I just superglued the ModelUD in. I'd recommend the ModelBirdD for mounting it with screws. You'd need to alter the model a bit to fit the BirdD.


--


Assembly

For assembly, I recommend getting the Pico side wired up completely then individually running the wires from the opposite side one by one. DO THIS WHILE THE MOTH IS IN THE FOLDED POSITION!

If you don't solder the cross body wires while the controller is folded, the wires might be pulled too tightly when it folds. Leave a decent amount of slack for your cross body wiring. 

Passing wires to the other side (behind the hinge pin for neatness) is much easier while folded as well. 

I don't think you'd have a good time wiring before the hinge pin is in, I could not get the hinge pin through when the wires were running across to the Pico side.

--

Magnets

These magnets need to be pretty strong as they are fighting against all the springs in your switches. I used 6x2mm Neodymium magnets, stacked 3 high in each of the 10 total holes in the Moth (30 total).

They snap very nicely and keep the Moth securely in place. Easily the most satisfying thing about the build for me. 

Amazon link to magnets I used: https://a.co/d/aDkEUHX

--

'Prism' style design

For the reverse folded position, I put a lip on the top hinge piece to stop the wings from overfolding and giving it a nice stopping place. The hinges have a rounded back that create friction to give the Moth some rigidity.

You could edit the width of the lip to create a more steep or shallow folded angle. I found one that works for me and have used it. Not sure how the design will hold up over time, but it feels very sturdy.

NOTE - I would recommend you take the lip off the top hinge, and put it on the bottom for one reason. 

The top hinge cannot be removed without completely rewiring the Moth, but you could likely pull the hinge pins out of the bottom hinge piece and replace it, if you wanted to change your prism locking angle.

--

Misc Notes

Your buttons need to be flush with the face surface when depressed, or else the faces won't properly meet and connect for a nice closed fold. The neodymium magnets are very strong and could possibly overcome some protruding buttons, however.

You could make some caps to fill in a bit of space at the top of the hinge pins slot, but I left them open in mine because the friction fit isn't going anywhere without intentional removal of the pins.